Update getting_started.rst (#377)
ros-controls/control.ros.org: doc/getting_started/getting_started.rst

> The ros2_control framework is released for ROS 2 {DISTRO}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ros2_control framework is released for ROS 2 {DISTRO} on Ubuntu and RHEL according to `REP-2000 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html>`__.
```

> To use it, you have to install ``ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control`` and ``ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers`` packages.
> 
> You can run the following commands to install the binary packages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, you have to install ``ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control`` and ``ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers`` packages, e.g., by running the following commands:
```

> For Ubuntu deb packages Linux - Noble Numbat (24.04)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Ubuntu deb packages
```

let's be more generic, so we can backport this easily to the other releases.

  .. code-block:: shell
  

>     sudo apt install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control
>     sudo apt install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sudo apt install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers
```

For RHEL (RPM) packages
  .. code-block:: shell

>     sudo dnf install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control
>     sudo dnf install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sudo dnf install ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-control ros-{DISTRO}-ros2-controllers
```
